

VISION DOCUMENT
 CSCI-4600


Daphne Williams & David Hernandez




1 Introduction


1.1 Purpose

The main purpose of this vision document is to outline the vital requirements, functions, and features of
this project. 
The focus is to create a blueprint for the program and detailing the necessary libraries, the
target users, as well as the stakeholder’s abilities.


1.2 Scope

This Vision Document applies to the Calendar Project, name TBD, which will be developed by Daphne 
Williams and David Hernandez. 
David and Daphne will develop this project in the C# programming 
language. 
This project will help co-workers, friends, and even families communicate their schedules plan
their futures.




2 Positioning


2.1 Business Opportunity

In a fast-paced and bustling world where information needs to be readily accessible, a product that
consolidates crucial, daily-needed information that all can be found in one place instantly is practically 
essential. 
The application launched using an accessible platform such as smartphones is cost-efficient and
has the potential to reach a wide-ranged audience.


2.2 Problem Statement

The Problem of			No shared calendar application to communicate schedules.
Affects				


Teachers/students, families, employers/employees.


The Impact of Which is

		Confusion or conflict between parties when schedules are unsure or
unknown.


A Successful Solution Would
be	

A calendar/planner program where each party can contribute entries
and can communicate schedules with one another in real time.


For				

Teachers/students, families, employers/employees, or anyone group
of people needing to keep up with each other’s agendas.


Who

 				Have overlapping and/or intertwining schedules.


Calendar Project (Name TBD) 	Is a software application.

That				

Generates a schedule created by the initial user where other invited
individuals can view, contribute to, and interact with. Additionally,
it will allow the users to set reminders/alarms and report the weather

 at a given location.

Unlike
 				
Many other similar applications which do each of the tasks 
separately
 
Our Product			Combines each of these smaller applications/tasks into one easy-touse, consolidated program.




3 Stakeholder Description


3.2 Stakeholder Summary

Name

 			Skills (Languages)


Daphne Williams 	

My proficient languages include Python, Ruby, C++, C#,
and Java.


David Hernandez		

C#, C++, C, SQL, Java, JavaScript, Python



3.3 User Summary

Name			

Description				

Stakeholder


Student/Teachers

 	Primary End User of the System

		Self


Families

	 	Primary End User of the System

 		Self


Employer/Employee	

Primary End User of the System

 		Self




4 Product Overview


4.1 Product Perspective



4.2 Summary of Capabilities

Benefit				

			Features


More effective joint scheduling

				Calendar generator, color-coded events


Combine multiple app features to enhance 
efficiency	

Calendar, plan/event reminder alarm, daily or 
weekly weather forecast



4.3 Assumptions and Dependencies

1. In using the application, it is assumed that user can type
2. 
It is assumed that user can read and comprehend English
3.
 
It is assumed that all users will be on a PC or laptop computer
4. 
It is assumed that the user has need of a calendar
5. 
It is assumed the user has events to add to the calendar




5 Product Features


5.1 Open Application

5.2 Close Application

5.3 Clear Calendar (Day, Month, or Year)

5.4 Add Planner Events

5.5 Edit Planner Events

5.6 Delete Planner Events

5.7 Add Members to Calendar

5.8 Set Alarm Reminder

5.9 Edit Alarm Reminder

5.10 Delete Alarm Reminder

5.11 View Weather Forecast (Daily or Weekly)




6 Constraints

The main constraint is that program will be developed using the C# programming language and tools and
should be able to execute on all platforms including Windows, Mac, and Linux operating systems. 
The 
biggest risk is security; an individual’s personal schedule is only to be shared with whom they choose to
share it with and should be secure enough to not be seen by others.




9 Other Product Requirements


9.1 System Requirements
The system must run on:


• Windows

• Mac OS

• Linux

9.1.1 Performance Requirements
None specified

9.1.2 Environmental Requirements
None specified

